fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/projects/east-art-map.md

attribution: IRWIN / NSK
images:
  - src: 16_cropped.jpg
    alt: Digital network visualization showing white oval nodes connected by red lines against dark blue background, representing artistic connections in East Art Map project
  - src: EAM_600.jpg
    alt: Gallery installation at Basekamp featuring metallic silver tent structure, wooden bench, and illuminated green projection screen in industrial space with exposed ceiling
  - src: EAM-Flyer3-red.gif
    alt: Red poster design featuring black silhouette of Tatlin's Tower with crowd and black star, advertising East Art Map film screenings and regular screenings at Basekamp
  - src: eastartmap-mit.jpg

>     alt: Book cover for "EAST ART MAP" published by MIT Press, featuring large yellow star on vibrant red background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Book cover for 'East Art Map' featuring large yellow star on vibrant red background
```
